Correct release notes re: annotation (#296)
scientific-python/spin: RELEASE.md

- Tag the release in git:

      git tag -s v${VERSION} -m "signed ${VERSION} tag"

>   If you do not have a gpg key, use -a instead; it is important for
>   Debian packaging that the tags are annotated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  (If you do not have a GPG key, follow the tutorial to set it up:
   https://help.github.com/articles/signing-commits-with-gpg/)
```

Maybe (following scikit-image).
